README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com/darkreader/darkreader">Dark Reader</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/dark-reader/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/dark-reader?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/dark-reader/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/dark-reader?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/dark-reader/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/dark-reader?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>


![DarkReader Theme Preview (Wikipedia)](assets/screenshot.png)


## Usage

- Go to `Dark Reader → Theme for all websites → See all options -> Colors`.
- Open your desired flavor in the table below. Copy and paste values into respecive fields.
  - You will have to change the "Selection" setting from `Automatic` to `Custom`.
- Done! There is no apply or save button.

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<table>
<tr>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Background</td>
<td>#eff1f5</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Text</td>
<td>#4c4f69</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Selection</td>
<td>#acb0be</td>
</tr>
</table>
</details>

<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<table>
<tr>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Background</td>
<td>#303446</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Text</td>
<td>#c6d0f5</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Selection</td>
<td>#626880</td>
</tr>
</table>
</details>

<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<table>
<tr>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Background</td>
<td>#24273a</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Text</td>
<td>#cad3f5</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Selection</td>
<td>#5b6078</td>
</tr>
</table>
</details>

<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<table>
<tr>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Background</td>
<td>#1e1e2e</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Text</td>
<td>#cdd6f4</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Selection</td>
<td>#585b70</td>
</tr>
</table>
</details>

## 💝 Thanks to

- [Sanjay Pavan](https://github.com/WitherCubes)

&nbsp;

<p align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" /></p>
<p align="center">Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a></p>

Commit message:

feat: added better install instructions
I hope this makes it more clear as to where to click to install the theme :D

README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com/darkreader/darkreader">Dark Reader</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/dark-reader/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/dark-reader?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/dark-reader/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/dark-reader?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/dark-reader/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/dark-reader?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>


![DarkReader Theme Preview (Wikipedia)](assets/screenshot.png)


## Usage

- Open the Dark Reader Extension and click on `Dev Tools` → `Preview new Design` and close the window 
- Now go to `Dark Reader` → `See all options` → `Colors`.
- Open your desired flavor in the table below. Copy and paste values into respecive fields.
  - You will have to change the "Selection" setting from `Automatic` to `Custom`.
- Done! There is no apply or save button.

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<table>
<tr>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Background</td>
<td>#eff1f5</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Text</td>
<td>#4c4f69</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Selection</td>
<td>#acb0be</td>
</tr>
</table>
</details>

<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<table>
<tr>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Background</td>
<td>#303446</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Text</td>
<td>#c6d0f5</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Selection</td>
<td>#626880</td>
</tr>
</table>
</details>

<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<table>
<tr>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Background</td>
<td>#24273a</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Text</td>
<td>#cad3f5</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Selection</td>
<td>#5b6078</td>
</tr>
</table>
</details>

<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<table>
<tr>
<th></th>
<th></th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Background</td>
<td>#1e1e2e</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Text</td>
<td>#cdd6f4</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Selection</td>
<td>#585b70</td>
</tr>
</table>
</details>

## 💝 Thanks to

- [Sanjay Pavan](https://github.com/WitherCubes)

&nbsp;

<p align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" /></p>
<p align="center">Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a></p>
